README.md, before:

# Awesome Culture
A curated list of awesome thought on tech culture. Inspired by the various `awesome-*` projects

This is an ever-evolving list, and thus a continual work in progress. If you have a suggestion, please [submit a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/)!

NB: _There will be duplicates!_ If a resource falls under two categories, it will be placed under each section.

# Manifestos
- [Here's to the crazy ones (Apple)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rwsuXHA7RA)
- [Code & Coffee Manifesto](https://github.com/Code-and-Coffee-YVR/how-to-organize/blob/master/Manifesto.md)
  - Full disclaimer: [@expede](https://github.com/expede/) (repo owner) helps organize [Code & Coffee](http://www.meetup.com/Code-Coffee-Vancouver/)
- [Humane Development](http://humanedevelopment.org)
  - [RailsConf 2015 Presentation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZLYxLjwNWo)

# Company Ethos
- [How GitHub Works](http://zachholman.com/posts/how-github-works/)
- [bjeanes/culture](https://github.com/bjeanes/culture/blob/master/culture_and_ethos.md)
- [Buffer Culture](http://www.slideshare.net/Bufferapp/buffer-culture-02)

# Lessons Learned
- [Patty McCord: A Culture of Innovation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3e1lnixKBM)

# Codes of Conduct
-

# Quality of Life
- [Your Lifestyle Has Already Been Designed](http://www.raptitude.com/2010/07/your-lifestyle-has-already-been-designed/)

# Engineering Management
-

# Hiring
- [Patty McCord: A Culture of Innovation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3e1lnixKBM)

# Interviewing
-

# Inspiration
- [Value Handbook for New Employees](http://assets.sbnation.com/assets/1074301/Valve_Handbook_LowRes.pdf)
 
# Miscellaneous
- [What Company Culture Is and Is Not](https://moz.com/rand/what-company-culture-is-and-is-not/)

Commit message:

What Company Culture Is and Is Not

README.md, after:

# Awesome Culture
A curated list of awesome thought on tech culture. Inspired by the various `awesome-*` projects

This is an ever-evolving list, and thus a continual work in progress. If you have a suggestion, please [submit a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/)!

NB: _There will be duplicates!_ If a resource falls under two categories, it will be placed under each section.

# Manifestos
- [Here's to the crazy ones (Apple)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rwsuXHA7RA)
- [Code & Coffee Manifesto](https://github.com/Code-and-Coffee-YVR/how-to-organize/blob/master/Manifesto.md)
  - Full disclaimer: [@expede](https://github.com/expede/) (repo owner) helps organize [Code & Coffee](http://www.meetup.com/Code-Coffee-Vancouver/)
- [Humane Development](http://humanedevelopment.org)
  - [RailsConf 2015 Presentation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZLYxLjwNWo)

# Company Ethos
- [How GitHub Works](http://zachholman.com/posts/how-github-works/)
- [bjeanes/culture](https://github.com/bjeanes/culture/blob/master/culture_and_ethos.md)
- [Buffer Culture](http://www.slideshare.net/Bufferapp/buffer-culture-02)

# Lessons Learned
- [Patty McCord: A Culture of Innovation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3e1lnixKBM)

# Codes of Conduct
-

# Quality of Life
- [Your Lifestyle Has Already Been Designed](http://www.raptitude.com/2010/07/your-lifestyle-has-already-been-designed/)

# Engineering Management
- [Why Firing Brilliant Assholes Is Required to Build a Great Engineering Culture](http://firstround.com/review/why-firing-brilliant-assholes-is-required-to-build-a-great-engineering-culture/)

# Hiring
- [Patty McCord: A Culture of Innovation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3e1lnixKBM)
- [Why Firing Brilliant Assholes Is Required to Build a Great Engineering Culture](http://firstround.com/review/why-firing-brilliant-assholes-is-required-to-build-a-great-engineering-culture/)

# Interviewing
-
- [What Company Culture Is and Is Not](https://moz.com/rand/what-company-culture-is-and-is-not/)

# Inspiration
- [Value Handbook for New Employees](http://assets.sbnation.com/assets/1074301/Valve_Handbook_LowRes.pdf)
 
# Miscellaneous
- [What Company Culture Is and Is Not](https://moz.com/rand/what-company-culture-is-and-is-not/)
